feat: support the annotation `reconcilePodSpec` on Cluster (#5069)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/connection_pooling.md

    possible architectures. You can have clusters without poolers, clusters with
    a single pooler, or clusters with several poolers, that is, one per application.

!!! Important

>     When operator is upgraded, the pooler pod will rolling upgrade as the instance
>     manager in pooler pod need to be upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the operator is upgraded, the pooler pods will start a rolling upgrade,
    as the instance manager in the pooler pods needs to be upgraded.
```
